# Radar Products


## Base Product Types
Base products are generated by the radar with minimal processing

### Reflectivity (REF)
The most commonly used product. It indicates how much of the radar was reflected and corresponds to how dense the precipitation is.

### Radial Velocity (RV)
How fast the precipitation is moving towards or away from the radar.

### Spectrum Width (SW)
How much variation there is within the radial velocity.

### Correlation Coefficient (CC)
It measures how similar objects are in the radar volume. 
High values mean the contents of the volume are all similar wile lower values indicate variation in shape of the objects reflecting the radar beam.

### Differential Reflectivity (DR)
It is the ratio between vertical and horizontal reflectivity. It can give some insight into the shape of precipitation.

### Differential Phase Shift (DPS)
It is a measure of the difference in 2-way attenuation for the horizontal and vertical pulses in a pulse volume.



## Derived Product Types
Derived products are generated from the base products within OpenStorm

### Radial Velocity De-aliased (RVD)
Dependencies: Radial Velocity  
Radial velocity has some artifacts where the velocity wraps around to the wrong direction. 
This derived products tries remove them, but does not always work perfect.

### Storm Relative Velocity (SRV)
Dependencies: Radial Velocity De-aliased 
This product is very similar to Radial Velocity De-aliased except it has the average velocity subtracted from it to make variations in velocity more visible.

### Rotaion (ROT)
Dependencies: Radial Velocity De-aliased, Spectrum Width
Attempts to detect rotation by measuring how large of a difference there is in velocities.



## Adding a product
* Add a volume type in RadarData.h
* Create a new class derived from RadarProduct. Look at RadarProductRotation for an example.
* Add that new product to the list in ProductList.cpp
* Add a new color index if necessary
* Modify RadarColorIndex::GetDefaultColorIndexForData to choose the correct color index for the data
* Rebuild the project outside of the editor to apply the changes in ProductList.cpp live build will not properly update it